what is going on guys it is Josie Q here
and today we have another episode in the
mob of the dead secrets and this is
about some mysterious codes that you
could find in four of the cells
throughout mob of the dead so we're
gonna get down to this um before I start
this actually uh I'm gonna give some
credit to a guy named typical gamer on
Twitter and his channel and his video
for this will be in the description I
did actually see these codes before I
Rosen's really sure if they really meant
anything though so I didn't upload it I
didn't really think of anything of it
but then he actually I saw that he
noticed them so I was like maybe I'll
post this so you guys can give me your
opinions and also if you're watching
this typical gamer I hope it's okay that
I use your photos of the codes because I
could not get it a close up of them I
don't really know how you did it you
probably like screenshot its or even
know but um we're going to get into this
so if you go next to the stairs that
lead down to double tap in the cell
there is a code on the wall on this like
piece of paper that looks like it just
like glued or taped on or something um I
don't really know what it means and in a
second you'll see the full close up of
it that typically typical gamer has so
right here right now there you go
there's the code if you can't really
make out all the letters I'll link a
reddit post where this guy actually has
the code completely like together and
it's like typed out so you can see the
code right here is another one or up the
stairs and this one is another code like
I said we don't really know what it
means he thinks he has a decipher I went
to decipher it but just go like i said
you order that reddit go to his twitter
go to his YouTube he's gonna be uh
keeping guys up to date I'll try to keep
you up to date also that was the code
right there for that that one the next
one you're not going to see the code
until after because the last two codes
are going to be right next to each other
because there's four codes all together
I couldn't split up for some reason
every time I tried to it wouldn't unlike
work so
this one's right outside the cafeteria
and it's just inside the cell like I
said so you'll see that code in a second
after you run around and run up to the
spawn room it's going to be two cells
over from where you would usually get
like the drop inside of one of the cells
I believe it's a double tap and not go
out those have double points um but like
I said there's another one sorry to hear
Mike I've got a game of mob with the
Dead coming in the background so sorry
if you could not hear that loud um yeah
we're just the characters are being
annoying um but yeah you can see the
zombie was hitting me I was like hoping
I was like I trying to get a close-up of
it trying to get a close-up of it and
get other way but here is the picture
right here of the both of the codes to
one on the top is from where the
cafeteria was in the one on the bottom
is obviously from where the spawn room
was um if you guys have any ideas or any
theories on this please leave it in the
comments section of this video also I
want you guys to go check out that the
guy was talking about before typical
gamer his um his YouTube is reddit post
and his Twitter and the video and
whatever all that kind of stuff will be
in the description um I watched a couple
videos pretty cool guy and yeah so if
you guys like this video like I said
leave a like leave a comment just got a
text message whatever um but anyways I
will see you in the next video thank you
for watching and this is josey q peace
out